I decided that I should start logging my days more frequently. I want to document not only what I'm doing / plan to do but also how I feel throughout the day. I thought it would be pretty lame but I've been struggling recently and need a place to put these feelings. I'm a little embarrassed to be writing this but it is what it is.

I feel really bad about myself lately. I don't take care of myself and neglect my hygiene. I feel like a bad partner to Izzie and that's probably what feels the worst.  I'm mean and neglectful but then in moments like these where I'm by myself I feel so much guilt about how I treat her. I know its just internal problems that manifest themselves in those actions but that doesn't give me an excuse. I love her more than anything and somehow I still find a way to mistreat her. Our relationship isn't perfect by any means but I don't give her what she wants. And somehow she still seems to love me unconditionally. We're both working on things and that's something I really like but at the same time it creates a void between us since neither of us really know how to treat each other.

No matter what though I'll keep trying for her. I'll keep pushing for her. And I'll keep improving for her. Some people might say it isn't a good idea to invest my sense of self improvement in another person but if I had never met her I'd either be fucked up at some house party or stationed somewhere in the army waiting to die. She saved me; and I owe her my best self because of it.

I know you'll never read this but I love you endlessly Izzie and I thank you everyday. You are the light of my life.